Things were in
pretty bad shape.
We'd been stranded
in this weird world
for what felt like forever.
And no matter how many times
we beat Eggman,
we still weren't any closer
to getting back home.
I was starting to lose hope.
But all that changed
about two months ago
when I first met Hawk.
I'd been traveling for a while
through the south side
of the continent,
searching for a Chaos Emerald.
I saw an old stone temple
of some kind,
and I decided to check it out.
Everything was eerie and
quiet until I heard a voice.
HAWK:
Please! Somebody help!
I didn't know it then,
but Hawk and I were looking
for the same thing.
I heard from Hawk again
a few weeks later.
He told me he found
what I was looking for.
Naturally, I was
suspicious and curious,
so I decided to pay
my new friend a visit.
Hey, how do I get to
Jack's Place from here?
Ah, I know.
You're that Sonic guy,
aren't you?
[Grunts]
You must be crazy!
I don't look anything
like Sonic!
I'm Knuckles!
I didn't mean to offend you,
pal.
We don't see many hedgehogs
around here.
He led me through
a half-dozen dirty alleys
right to Jack's Place.
Huh?
I'm looking for a guy
by the name of Hawk.
It's not polite to stare, pal.
Sorry. I don't see many folks
like you around here.
Never mind that.
Have you seen Hawk
or haven't you?
Nope.
Name doesn't sound familiar.
Sorry.
Wish I could help you.
You're lying.
MAN:
Hey!
The man told you
he hasn't seen your friend.
You can either
thank him and get out,
or me and my friends here
will show you the way out.
Well, maybe you and your friends
are the ones who need to leave.
Oh, is that so?
Well, I'll show you,
you dirty little...
Aah!
LI YAN:
I would not do that.
I have a feeling
he's tougher than he looks.
Mr. Li Yan.
What is your business?
A guy named Hawk said
I could find him here.
He has something I want.
You must be Knuckles.
I've been expecting you.
If you are looking for Hawk, you
are talking to the right guy.
Just follow me,
and I'll take you right to him.
Then lead the way.
Knuckles.
I was not expecting
to see him here.
We must report this
to Dr. Eggman!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
After you.
[Chuckles]
Okay.
Huh?
Aah!
I'll share the cell with you,
but don't think
I'm gonna share my food.
If you want to eat,
you have to wait till tomorrow.
That's no way to treat
a friend, is it?
Knuckles, it's you!
Oh, it's so good to see you.
How did you get down here?
Well, let's just say
I decided to drop in.
DR. EGGMAN: What was
that nincompoop Knuckles
doing in a dive like that?
He said he was looking
for someone named Hawk.
It all seemed very
suspicious, Doctor.
Very interesting.
Perhaps it's time to put
our little plan into action.
It ought to be loads of fun.
Now, let's see.
[Laughs evilly]
Excellent.
And you're sure it was
a Chaos Emerald you saw?
It was a big red stone
about this size.
It is a Chaos Emerald.
That's one more.
If only we had them all.
I could get back home again.
Angel Island.
Paradise.
Just me guarding
the master emerald
without a care in the world.
Hour after hour, day after day,
just watching and dreaming,
but mostly dreaming.
I thought it would last forever.
Even when things got tough,
I always knew they would
eventually be all right.
And then, out of nowhere,
it happened.
You mean the reason you want
to find those Chaos Emeralds
is so you can go back home?
Best reason I can think of.
So, that's it.
I thought you wanted it
for the same reason I did.
For money.
It doesn't matter now, though.
I assume they took the emerald
when they put you here.
Don't you worry, Knuckles.
I was smart enough to hide it
before they came for me.
I knew they'd be looking
for it, you see?
Where is it?
[Laughs]
I hid it where nobody
could find it!
It's in a...
This place really isn't so bad.
It's kind of cozy once you
get used to it, you know?
Didn't think I'd like it
when I got here,
but I really think
it's growing on me.
Yeah, come to think of it,
this could be a lot worse,
couldn't it?
I mean, most places
like this are the pits,
but as far as jail cells go,
this one's first-class
all the way.
And I'll tell you
something else.
The food's not half-bad either.
The baked beans they serve
are pretty good,
even though the other day
they were as cold as ice
and a little dry,
but you didn't hear it from me.
While we're on the subject,
they could change the menu
once in a while.
Baked beans day in and day out.
You'd think they'd never heard
of steak or chicken
or even a cheeseburger
with fries.
Wouldn't that be something?
It sure would!
Aah!
Are you all right, sir?
What happened?
Play games with me, will they?
Taxi!
Well, what are you waiting for?
Start pedaling!
Take a right up at this corner.
Where are we?
The old Factory District.
Come on, let's go.
- [Thud]
- Uhh!
Over here.
Yeah!
There she is!
That's a Chaos Emerald!
It's all yours, and thanks
for getting me out, pal.
[Dr. Eggman laughs evilly]
Well, if it isn't
my little friend Knucklehead.
Hand over that Chaos Emerald.
I promise to keep it
safe and sound.
I'll give you something,
but it won't be this emerald.
[Laughs evilly]
I'm a hologram!
Knuckles, help me!
Aah!
It's you!
Never judge by appearances,
knucklebrain.
She may have seemed like
just a rickshaw driver to you,
but she's so much more.
Say hello to E-91,
also known as the Lady Ninja!
Ninja?
Yes, and quite a lovely one
at that.
But don't let
her loveliness dazzle you.
You might get hurt.
A robot?!
Eggman!
It's time, my beauty.
Time for you to get me
that Chaos Emerald.
Let's throw a bit more
weight behind things.
Quick, Hawk.
Grab the emerald and run!
Let's go!
Knuckles, the emerald.
It's buried!
Sneaking up on a girl.
That's no way to treat a lady.
I don't know what that is,
but it's not good.
What the...
I think that's my cue
to get outta here.
Hawk, we have to get
away from that thing!
I know, but how?
Aah!
Now our top story this hour.
Interesting developments in
last night's building collapse.
Eyewitnesses have reported
spotting Dr. Eggman in the area
around the time of the collapse.
Officials have launched
a full investigation.
Guess there's not much
we can do now,
except maybe hang around
here for a while
till the dust settles.
I had that emerald
in the palm of my hand.
Aah!
Knock it off, Knuckles.
That won't do any good.
[Gasps]
Is this...
The shovel claws!
How'd they get here?
Those metal things?
I dug 'em out
of that old temple.
You know, where you saved me.
The shovel claws.
Careful down there!
I know it's around here
somewhere.
Hawk, where are you?!
[Giggles]
Pay attention, Knuckles!
Special message from Dr. Eggman.
DR. EGGMAN: If you want
to see your friend again,
you'd best mosey on over
to New Town and make it snappy!
[Laughs]
And don't try anything funny.
Bokkun's been studying
the martial arts.
He's getting better.
I know karate!
Hyah!
Gotcha!
Karate chop!
These hands
are dangerous weapons!
Take that!
Don't mess with me!
[Giggles]
Knuckles, it's you!
Good evening.
I trust you brought
the Chaos Emerald with you.
Now, give it to the little lady!
Knuckles!
Aah!
I want that Chaos Emerald!
How about I keep the emerald,
and you get lost?
Nice shot.
Quick.
This way!
Ohh!
Think maybe
I'll pay another visit
when things calm down a bit.
Aah!
Thank you.
You're not going anywhere.
Now, hand over that emerald
before there's more trouble.
Aah!
Stop it!
You're hurting him!
Aah!
Well, I know you
have to be on your way,
but maybe you could come back
sometime to visit,
'cause I'm gonna miss you,
Knuckles.
Yes, I'll be back!
See you, Hawk!
So long, my friend!
Goodbye!
Come back soon!
Where am I?
TICAL: The servers are
the Seven Chaos.
"The servers are
the Seven Chaos"?
What does that mean?
What was that all about?